{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2638
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15840\viewh12980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Bullet Points: \
	* discovered iOS during community college\
	* continued diving further into iOS during bachelors degree/Intern\
	* become my main focus since completing bachelors degree\
	* approx 5 years XP \
	* worked on various team sizes\
	* worked on Swift, Core Data projects, API\'92s and JSONSerialization\
	\
	* Smule app:\
		- karaoke app, allows singers to connect to other singers\
		- team used daily scrums & bi-weekly sprints\
		- optimize downloading of large files\
		- worked with storyboards and auto layouts to work on all screen sizes\
		- improved visual aspects of the app to improve user experience		\
	* Wendy\'92s app:\
		- Agile/Scrum  and planning sprints \
		-  used MVVM arch.  so it would work across all screen sizes\
		- hybrid between ObjC and Swift\
		- worked on navigation controllers on Navigation bars & tab bars\
		- design/develop dynamic views for the front of the app\
		- worked on refactoring parts of code to avoid memory leaks\
\
	* enjoy opportunity to expand skills / continue on building career path\
\
Elevator Pitch:\
    A little bit about myself. I fell in love with iOS during some of my free time at my community college when I first learned about iOS. Then during my bachelors degree I continued diving more into iOS in my spare time between classes. It\'92s become my main focus ever since. I have approx 5 years of experience working on small teams to develop various apps with different companies across the US. Over the course of the years I\'92ve worked with Swift, Core Data, API\'92s, and JSONSerialization to name a few.\
	My most recent project was with the Smule app. Which is a karaoke app that connects singers to other singers and allow them record live performances, while also being able to download and send large files. I worked with a small team to develop the app. Part of my contributions was to optimise downloading of larger files so that it would be more efficient on the app, and take less time cross-communicating between the servers. Smule was made using both Swift and Combine on an MVVM architecture. I also worked with storyboards, and AutoLayout constraints to optimise the for different device sizes. Lastly, I worked on enhancing visual aspects of the app to improve user experience; and be more visually appealing. \
	I\'92ve loved the opportunity to expand on my skills and understanding of the various iOS languages, and continuing to build on this path. Which is partly why I\'92m here. My current project is about to wrap up, and now I\'92m looking for my next opportunity to continue my career in iOS. \
\
\
Most recent Project Narrative:\
	My most recent project was with the Smule app. Which is a karaoke app that connects singers to other singers and allow them record live performances, while also being able to download and send large files. The team their used daily scrum meetings, and bi-weekly sprints to keep the project moving forward. Part of my contributions was to optimise downloading of larger files so that it would be more efficient on the app, and take less time cross-communicating between the servers. Smule was made using both Swift and Combine on an MVVM architecture. I also worked with storyboards, and AutoLayout constraints to optimise the for different device sizes. Lastly, I worked on enhancing visual aspects of the app to improve user experience; and be more visually appealing. \
\
2nd most recent Project Narrative:\
	My second most recent project was work with the Wendy\'92s app. I worked with a small team to develop and launch their app; which allows users to keep up to date with the latest Rewards Wendy\'92s offers, as well as ordering food from their phone. As a team we used an MVVM architecture to help make things more manageable by keeping the visual aspect separate from the rest of the code; specifically user inputted info that users wouldn\'92t want leaked. The app uses Alamofire, a hybrid of Swift and Objective-C, and memory leak management instruments. Part of my contribution there was to work closely with the UI/UX aspects, work with the Navigation controllers and tab bars to improve user-ability. I also worked with the team to help optimise memory management to avoid memory leaks in order to work on the automatic payment system. \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}